welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you a psycho
revenge thriller movie named promising
young woman
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
the movie opens up in a nightclub where
friends jerry paul and jim are having
drinks they notice a young woman
cassie
appearing too drunk to pick herself up
paul and jim make prejudice comments
toward her
but jerry goes to approach her and try
to get her home
jerry brings her back to his apartment
where he starts to kiss her when cassie
says she needs to lie down
jerry brings her to bed and starts
trying to take her panties off all of a
sudden we see that cassie stops the
drunk act and sit upright to look jerry
dead in the eyes and ask him what he's
doing
jerry gets terrified
cassie walks home the next morning with
red stains on her clothes
but it's just the jelly dripping from
the donut she is eating a trio of
construction workers then start
catcalling her but she bothers them when
she just stares at them blankly it is
shown that cassie is around age 30 and
still lives with her parents stanley and
susan
she also works a dead-end job as a
waitress at a coffee shop with her only
friend gail
where she behaves with apathy toward
customers a former med school classmate
ryan cooper now a pediatrician enters
the shop and recognizes cassie after
some banter cassie spits in ryan's
coffee but he still drinks it anyway and
asks to take her out
she gives him a fake phone number
later cassie is picked up by another
sleazy guy named neil who is trying to
picture his sexist novel idea while
trying to get cassie to snort cocaine
with him when cassie says she wants to
go home neil tries to get her to go to
bed with him she then reveals her
sobriety to neil and immediately freaks
him out cassie gets closer to him as she
calls him out for trying to take
advantage of a seemingly drunk girl and
she leaves his apartment after nearly
making him soil himself
stanley and susan give cassie a pink
briefcase as a gift for her birthday
which they were surprised to see she
forgot
she takes it as an obvious hint that
they want her to move out as stanley and
susan have frequently expressed concerns
over cassie's lack of ambitions in life
ryan returns to the coffee shop after
realizing cassie gave him a fake number
and she finally relents and decides to
go out with him although ryan appears
nice enough cassie doesn't let him get
too close to her she eventually
apologizes and continues to date him
while hanging out at the coffee shop
ryan mentions an old colleague alexander
al monroe who is getting married the
thought of it disturbs cassie to her
core because when she was in med school
her childhood best friend nina fisher
was raped by al during a frat party
while she was too drunk to stand
although cassie and nina reported it to
many people nobody believed them and
gave al the benefit of the doubt which
led to nina's suicide and cassie
dropping out of school
cassie looks on social media to find
many old peers congratulating al on his
engagement among them is a woman named
madison mcphee cassie contacts madison
and arranges a lunch date with her
cassie gets madison very drunk before
bringing up the case against al with
nina madison acts aloof about it stating
that it was a long time ago and that
someone with a reputation for always
being very drunk was bound to end up in
a situation like that
when cassie sees that madison is too
drunk to know what's going on she leaves
after paying and is then seen speaking
to another man while looking at madison
cassie later goes to a high school where
she picks up a young girl named amber by
pretending that she is going to a diner
to work for a popular boy band
afterward cassie goes to see dean
elizabeth walker at her former med
school
cassie brings up how she and nina
reported nina's assault to walker but
she had taken outside in the ordeal and
seems to not even remember nina cassie
then tells walker that she picked up
amber and brought her to the same room
where nina was raped and left her with
several older boys
walker becomes terrified and tries to
call amber's phone only to see that
cassie has it after walker admits she
was wrong and not believing nina cassie
admits that she only left amber at the
diner where she is still waiting for the
boy band and she tells walker where she
can find her cassie's next target is a
former lawyer jordan green
like the rest of the names in cassie's
list he was complicit in letting al get
off scot-free for what he did to nina
because he essentially forced her to
drop the case however green knows he was
wrong and is extremely remorseful for
what happened with nina he cries next to
cassie who forgives him when she leaves
she speaks to an apparent hitman and
tells him he is no longer needed
cassie pays a visit to nina's mother
where they reminisce about nina but mrs
fisher thinks cassie's obsession with
the ordeal is unhealthy and that she
needs to move on cassie attempts another
drunk baiting trick this time with paul
as they are leaving together ryan is
entering the same club and sees cassie
she tries to explain herself to ryan but
he is uninterested in what she has to
say
when she finds him later she tries to
explain herself and he ends up forgiving
her and they kiss
madison sits on cassie's front porch
waiting for her after days of calling
and leaving messages because she was
worried something happened with the guy
that cassie had spoken to
cassie admits that nothing happened and
that the man only took her to bed and he
didn't touch her otherwise
madison is relieved but then she speaks
to cassie privately and admits that she
was wrong for not believing nina and she
reveals that a video a val raping her
had circulated which she kept on an old
phone
madison gives cassie the phone and asks
her never to contact her again
although a bit reluctant cassie also
watches the video
apart from her horrified at seeing nina
rave she is most horrified when she sees
that ryan was there watching the event
unfold cassie goes to ryan's job to
confront him about the video and him
being there
she threatens to send it to everybody in
his contacts including the parents of
his patients unless he tells her where
al is holding his bachelor party ryan
gets scared of what cassie is planning
to do and eventually he gives her the
address
they part in anger with ryan
disappointing cassie by defending
himself instead of apologizing and calls
her a failure she addresses him with
contempt and warns him not to let any of
the guys know she is coming
later we see a bachelor party where
cassie dresses as a stripper and goes to
the cabin where the party is being held
after getting the other guys drunk and
drugged cassie takes al up to the
bedroom after telling him that's the
only way she'll get paid
she handcuffs him to the bed post before
bringing up what he did to nina al
becomes panicky and emotional when she
reveals there's a video of the rape
which his loser friend joe created
realizing he can't deny what happened
any longer
he starts trying to get free and saying
that we were kids everyone was drunk etc
to defend his actions but cassie doesn't
want to hear it she grabs a scalpel and
attempts to carve nina's name into al's
stomach but he breaks one hand free from
the cuffs and smothers cassie with a
pillow he spends a few minutes simply
telling her to stop moving then when he
realizes she's dead he sinks down next
to her and is overcome with fear and
emotion the next morning al's friend joe
comes upstairs to find out crying with
cassie's dead body next to him joe tries
to tell all it wasn't his fault while al
weepley says it was and that he fears
losing his fiance and everything else
joe resolves to help al get rid of the
body and convinces him to go along with
that so that the other guys will not
know what happened
they take cassie and bury her under a
pile of logs that they then set on fire
joe calmly watches this while al is sick
to his stomach
days later cassie's parents file a
missing person's report
the lead detective visits ryan's office
since he knows they were romantically
involved after he learns cassie
disappeared
ryan tries to save his skin by
suggesting she may have done something
to herself that he was unaware of
in the end we see that it is the day of
al's wedding
after the ceremony
we see green receiving an envelope from
cassie along with a message in the event
of her disappearance
suddenly
ryan and everyone else at the party
receives the video of al raping nina
ryan receives pre-written texts from
cassie saying you didn't think this was
the end did you it is now
enjoy the wedding we see in the same
scene police arrives and after surveying
the area they find cassie's remains
which contains the nina half of her
friendship heart necklace
al is arrested in front of the crowd
while joe tries to sneak away
ryan continues reading the messages
which end with love cassie and nina
hope you enjoyed the movie
please subscribe and turn on
notifications to help us grow